docs: add guidelines about PR size (#19700)
coder/coder: docs/about/contributing/CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Frontend styling guide](./frontend.md#styling)

> ## Pull Requests

Reviewer: This section feels like it could absorb https://coder.com/docs/about/contributing/CONTRIBUTING#reviews, and make it more concise.

We welcome pull requests (PRs) from community members including (but not limited to) open source users, enthusiasts, and enterprise customers.

We will ask that you sign a Contributor License Agreement before we accept any contributions into our repo.

> Please keep PRs small and self contained. This allows code reviewers (see below) to focus and fully understand the PR. A good rule of thumb is less than 1000 lines changed. (One exception is a mechanistic refactor, like renaming, that is conceptually trivial but might have a large line count.)

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Please keep PRs small and self-contained. This allows code reviewers (see below) to focus and fully understand the PR. A good rule of thumb is less than 1000 lines changed. (One exception is a mechanistic refactor, like renaming, that is conceptually trivial but might have a large line count.)
```

If your intended feature or refactor will be larger than this:

>  1. Open an issue explaining what you intend to build, how it will work, and that you are volunteering to do the development.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should suggest who to tag on issues like this. Maybe we need a `@maintainers` group or something which review this special class of submission. I wouldn't want these going under the radar.

Reviewer 2: :+1 to a maintainers group or similar.

Reviewer: > Maybe "community triage" is the right term for what we want? It comes up very rarely now, so probably throw 1-2 PMs and 1-2 technomancers in a group and call it good?

Works for me 👍 happy to be in that group if needed.

 2. Give the maintainers a chance to respond. Changes to the visual, interaction, or software design are easier to adjust before you start laying down code.
 3. Break your work up into a series of smaller PRs.

Stacking tools like [Graphite](https://www.graphite.dev) are useful for keeping a series of PRs that build on each other up to date as they are reviewed and merged.

Each PR:

- Must individually build and pass all tests, including formatting and linting.

> - Must not introduce regressions or back compatibility issues, even if a later PR would resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must not introduce regressions or backwards-compatibility issues, even if a subsequent PR in your changeset would resolve the issue.
```

Author: I don't like using "changeset" in this way because it's a synonym for a single commit. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Changeset

Maybe "subsequent PR in the series would resolve the issue"

> - Should be a conceptually coherent change set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Should not include unrelated changes.
```

Author: Not sure about this one. Generally the all the PRs in the series will be _related_ to one another.

Here what I am trying to say is that sub-dividing a big change into small changes should be grouped _conceptually_.

In practice, many of these smaller PRs will be invisible to end users, and that is ok. For example, you might introduce
a new Go package that implements the core business logic of a feature in one PR, but only later actually "wire it up"

> to a new API route in a later PR. Or, you might implement a new React component in one PR, and only in a later PR place it on a page.

Reviewer: I think this is superfluous.

Reviewer 2: I don't see an issue with providing examples of what we would like to see, especially since this can be subjective.

Reviewer: OK fair enough.
